Add single-page deploy (#35)
grrr-amsterdam/simply-static-deploy: CHANGELOG.md

This changelog only lists notable changes. Check individual releases (tags) and their commits to see unlisted changes.

## v1.0.0 (2020-04-16)

The plugin version was bumped from `v0.2.x` to `v1.x.x` to improve updating via Composer, due to restrictions in the [caret version range](https://getcomposer.org/doc/articles/versions.md#caret-version-range-). From the docs:

> For pre-1.0 versions it also acts with safety in mind and treats `^0.3` as `>=0.3.0 <0.4.0`.

## v2.0.0 (2020-10-19)

From version v2.0.0 each deploy task will be done in the background.

> This means your browser window won't have to be always open while deploying. And all the tasks will seperate requests, so the idle timeout limit of the server won't be reached.

Author: ```suggestion
This means your browser window won't have to stay open while deploying. All the tasks will make separate requests, so the idle timeout limit of the server won't be reached.
```
